{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Chronopulse changes\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Change the icon that is saved to my iOS device to be a lightening bolt, the same icon you use for the loading page \
{\listtext	2.	}Change the name of the app to Chrono. \
{\listtext	3.	}Add the ability to be able to pick the icon of a new category to track in addition to be able to name it\
{\listtext	4.	}When you track time per category in the space below the buttons, make you refresh the list every day unless a category is being tracked between days. For example, work might begin at 8pm, but then end the next day at 7am. This should remain persistent, but then cleared from the list once the new day starts.\
{\listtext	5.	}Let\'92s work on the tracking and data collection feature of this app. Data should ideally be tracked per day, so that the user can see their time use over the 24 hours. This data then should be aggregated for the week, month, 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, and year. \
{\listtext	6.	}In the statistics portion of the app, remove the four boxes, this is data I dont find relevant for my uses. \
{\listtext	7.	}The breakdown should instead be represented in a pie chart format, with the entire pie representing the total time that was tracked for the day and each tracked category being a portion of that. Make sure you continue to follow the aesthics of the app when creating this pie chart.\
{\listtext	8.	}Remove the generate ai insights of this app.\
{\listtext	9.	}When I enter into the week portion of the app, I want the app to also display a bar graph representing the amount of time I spent on each activity as tracked per day of the week over the last 7 days. Make sure you also include the pie chart as well. \
{\listtext	10.	}For the month category, I would like you to implement the same logic and bar graph + pie chart for the week, but list the cumulative time spent per category for each week of the month.\
{\listtext	11.	}For the year category, I would like you to do the same logic as week and month but the bar graph should display the total tracked time per category for every month. Remember, the goal of the stats portion of this app is to catch trends and be able to influence the user\'92s behavior for positive reinforment. \
{\listtext	12.	}In the dark view of the app, I cannot see the trash icon to delete an activity in the log. \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs18 \cf0 \

\f1\fs26 13.	Add the ability to edit the start and end time of an activity after it has begun or recorded. This is in the case the user forgets to start an activity on the phone when they are actually working, preventing missing tracked time.\
}